fix: Format of key/cert upon creation of ext kafka integration endpoint (#587)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/tools/cli/service/integration.md

    --user-config-json  '{"bootstrap_servers":"servertest:123","security_protocol":"PLAINTEXT"}'
```

:::note

> Further examples of external Apache Kafka® endpoint creations are documented [here](/docs/products/flink/howto/ext-kafka-flink-integration#step-4-create-an-external-apache-kafka-endpoint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more examples of creating external Apache Kafka® endpoints, see [Integrate Aiven for Apache Flink® with Apache Kafka®](https://aiven.io/docs/products/flink/howto/ext-kafka-flink-integration#step-4-create-an-external-apache-kafka-endpoint).
```

To improve SEO, consider avoiding [here] for links and use the topic name or similar instead.

Author: ok. should the link not start with /docs/?

Reviewer: Sorry, that part is correct, should start with /docs/

Author: done
